README.md, before:

# npcgrinder
Generates generic townsfolk-style NPCs for Dungeons and Dragons 5th Edition

# Usability Stuff
This was written in Powershell. You will need Powershell on your machine to make it run.

You will also need to change the directories where things are stored and retrieved from. I've called out the two places you'll need to do this in the upper part of the script.

This script will output the character in HTML.

I figured everyone has a browser, so that's a pretty universal format.

Future versions will probably have other outputs.

There may or may not be future versions.

It doesn't use anything fancy, it's just a handful of data arranged with DIVs.

# Purpose Stuff
The purpose of this script is to make generating random townsfolk NPCs easier for the DM.

I typically keep ten of them printed out and ready to go for an adventure.

The players walk into a bar? BAM! Ready to go NPC.

The players meet a shopkeep? BAM! Ready to go NPC.

The players meet a farmer? BAM! Ready to go NPC.

You can always create these people off-the-cuff, but with this you'll have ready-made personality quirks, loot, stats in case of checks or contests, and all sorts of other fun!

Use an NPC or modify on the fly - it's totally up to you!

Commit message:

add docker and initial pipeline support

README.md, after:

# npcgrinder
Generates generic townsfolk-style NPCs for Dungeons and Dragons 5th Edition

# Usability Stuff
This was written in Powershell. You will need Powershell on your machine to make it run.

You will also need to change the directories where things are stored and retrieved from. I've called out the two places you'll need to do this in the upper part of the script.

This script will output the character in HTML.

I figured everyone has a browser, so that's a pretty universal format.

Future versions will probably have other outputs.

There may or may not be future versions.

It doesn't use anything fancy, it's just a handful of data arranged with DIVs.

## Docker Usage

To use with docker. First install docker and then...

```
make build
make run
```

output will be in **build/out.html**.

```
make out
```

Can be used to view the output.

# Purpose Stuff
The purpose of this script is to make generating random townsfolk NPCs easier for the DM.

I typically keep ten of them printed out and ready to go for an adventure.

The players walk into a bar? BAM! Ready to go NPC.

The players meet a shopkeep? BAM! Ready to go NPC.

The players meet a farmer? BAM! Ready to go NPC.

You can always create these people off-the-cuff, but with this you'll have ready-made personality quirks, loot, stats in case of checks or contests, and all sorts of other fun!

Use an NPC or modify on the fly - it's totally up to you!
